huge bunch of wave at that turret right
now and they're taking the next week
that's well on top of that and they are
gonna go for it they are gonna go
bondage sauce actually mrs. but here
comes ganja from the top side there is
First Blood Diamond gonna flash away
from this one it lives a little bit of
health now still gonna be doing a lot of
damage and then you have in the bottom
line that won't be worth you Monica and
darrin darrin his level 6 right now your
mother can is five as Darren should be
able to harassment quite a bit maybe you
push her out diving getting caught here
as you can see what the wither yeah
whether it goes down but we are gonna
see them pushing into this one not quite
up to his ultimate but sure she does
have a salty and diamond gets completely
limits of that turret and that's because
we are gonna see Twisted Fate comedy
knows that gets locked up twisted fate
of the back he's gonna go down there
Edward actually was tanking and Tory
will fall excha ssin gets that kill what
Alex it picks up another one gate which
I'll get him away meanwhile sushi is
pushing it on towards diamond and that's
all from that wall that we saw earlier
twisted fate though he's going into the
top lane they're gonna catch whole sign
out needs a stun card here for move if
they're gonna turn this one up as well
there is a stun coming in have they got
the damaged one more may just do it want
to do that the same here zhengzhou low
on mana right now shoosh ain't pushing
him right on top of him alunos actually
going into war dead he's gained you're
gonna fall they get son de mover has
gone down maluna will finish off the
kill on Edward and now shoo Shea's
getting turned upon can they finish up
this or whether that we'll see keeping
with Ares destiny pop hoes ain't gonna
get stunned up from this woman nog Alex
away has to flashover but here is darien
landing the stone in there and darien
water I was gonna sink Rebelo still a
half HP he's been doing it for ages up
until now but they're gonna leave him to
do that one and Darien is gonna get
caught here that's the ultimate coming
out of Israel daring going very very low
will be finished off well the Dragon has
been finished that bottom anyway the
Blue Boar from this one will here comes
to I ain't gonna flash over the
side diamond not quite getting cooked
whether they're coming out here comes
diamond well is it first and so far
there's a crescendo first of all and
there is a courtesy lots of three Davis
boost kill product six head he's gonna
go down diamond gonna die enjoy
the back is taking on her son and
move it right now a balloon oh and you
see a both very very long time and
continue to move in he comes Twisted
Fate stun shoot a wild cards don't
connect on two mallu know that is host
I'm from the side as well well gambia
still don't flush and the stunt car and
the wine IV for for gambit are sorry for
me five for gambit and they still came
out ahead why not fight completely not
losing anyone their team Darren just
took two turds in a row on the top side
they take the bottom and he'll return to
gate the Bob inhibitor off a dragoness
looks like they will kind of Alex well
they missed that one but they are gonna
be going charging into this one they're
gonna go for Alex each guest a stone
calm down Kirsten a sad moment comes in
by the death Mark finishes off double
kill coming out at Paul's head nice play
out of your son mrs. a bit I'll poke and
Darien is right in the middle of the map
Byron is still dropping off Kendra gonna
arcane shift away from the ultimate
there he's stealing bit of damage from
the side Darien's actually done a good
job even though he's gone down he's
already started off getting them very
very low there is wish coming out of
mover calculus for me to think I'm here
chasing them they will you scared at
this point and that is four verses to
where they're running away make that
three because twisted pigs gonna join
the party Malouda gonna go down soraka
gotta go down shoosh a beam chase well
does Phil got millions blocking Alex and
that's nothing conia wave in the
Bartling was able to push up the killer
Dexter on its own get looks like they're
going to finish off this game yeah
there's a crescendo coming in shoosh a
having to use these longings hourglass
yamato cannons there there's a Sonya's
runs out actually twisted fate gets it
well the ultimate came out of kendra as
well and they're falling like flies as
all the Nexus turrets next is gonna be
focused in or will gamma go for a couple
more cheeky kills here at the end games
you're certainly trying it well